Okay, so I'm gonna give you
a little bit of an exercise here.
I'm only gonna actually, yeah,
so I'll give you this exercise.
I'm gonna say, if you don't have
a preference, use Drawings, or
perhaps Excalidraw, or Eraser,
that looks interesting as well.
I just like these two cuz I think you
can get started without even signing up,
which is nice.
I think Excalidraw also has a VS Code
plugin, which I have not tried, but
seems like it's a cool idea.
So I want you to diagram
out some sort of timeline.
Let's work under the assumption of
the formatting exercise that we just did.
That, well, I'll let you interpret that
however you choose to interpret it.
But yeah there's a two-week
delay in the project.
How can you use a little diagram to
show that we're two weeks behind,
we have two more weeks of UX
research due than we have.
Yeah, we can immediately
test those designs.
So you have to do UX research.
You have to do more designs, and
then you have to do dev work.
The dev work and
the UX research can happen simultaneously.
That's the point that I want you to
communicate to people that are watching or
reading.
Yeah, the team is gonna take
two weeks in August to design.
No other work can start
until the design finishes.
Then once the designs are done,
both the UX research can start
which will take two weeks, and
the developers can start their coding
implementation which will take four weeks.
So point that I'm trying to get you
to communicate here, and again,
this is another useful thing,
is, who am I telling what?
Your visualization is supposed
to emphasize the overlapping
nature of the development work and
the UX research.
So I won't spend too much time on this.
I think you all know what an effective
graphic here would look like.
But I would just open drawing.new,
and I would spend the minimum
amount of time possible here.
And I would just use boxes,
cuz anything more than this is,
you're probably spinning
your wheels too much.
So I would say this would be UX work,
Two weeks, and then copy and
paste that twice.
The other thing is, I don't know
how many of you have used Notion.
Notion will do this if you
just describe something to it.
It'll just kind of diagram that out for
you.
Obviously, I'm going fast here because I
don't wanna spend too much time on this.
But I mean, even this at the very least,
this would be the UX work.
This would be the design work.
And depending on how you want to,
you can just do a screenshot of that.
Save to Clipboard, ready to go, right?
Like that.
That's essentially as much time as
I would probably spend on this.
[COUGH] And then maybe you might put in
dates here, or some sort of milestones so
they can kind of really visually, you can
really drive home we're starting now,
on this day you can expect
everything to come in, right?
Cuz that's kinda your point is,
we're not panicking,
we're delaying the project two weeks so
that we can get everything aligned.
Any questions here?
Honestly, I would spend a tiny bit more
time with this to make sure that, yeah,
at a glance this might help.
But I might clean it up a little bit just
particularly to get the dates on there.
And that might be in the case
I just might do some lines.
And maybe a text box.
Come on, why don't I say like
September 3rd or something like,
I don't know I'm making stuff up, but
I don't know, something of that nature.
We'll see this in the product spec
one up here when it's coming up, but
I'll just show you here.
This one I actually did with
this website time.graphics,
which I think is a paid service.
But this actually wasn't very hard either.
I just described dates, and
at this date this takes three months,
at this date this takes two months.
And here's some milestones
that I wanted to show in here.
That took me probably all of 20, 25
minutes to get all that to look like that.
So time.graphics,
that worked really well for the timeline.
I actually just discovered that for
this course.